hey guys Jay Rix I'm doing some things
for the bike again today
I installed some blue LEDs and I
actually added two more of those on one
in the front of the bike and one more in
the very back before I just had like to
kind of century locations located on the
bike so what I'm doing now is I bought a
integrated taillight and I just started
taking the bike apart I got into this I
started digging in I was like well you
know make a video and post it there was
a snag actually starting this last night
and I ran into a snag there were these
quick fasteners on there had no idea how
to take them off and they actually look
like that right there and what you do is
is you take like a Phillips screwdriver
work for me but you actually push on the
center of it and um it will this little
thing right here actually shoved up
inside there and it will just pull the
whole thing out so I don't know if
anybody gets stuck on doing that
I googled it and found the answer but
yep I got a disconnect some more stuff
and take the light off and install my
new one I got the new taillight from
clear alternatives I actually got it I
didn't order it online I got it through
a dealership cyclo specialties in
Springdale Ohio but there it is I got a
blue one I haven't seen a blue one on
the bike yet so but in any way while I
was taking off the rear fairing I
noticed that I saw something in there
and I was like what in the world was
that I thought it was like a shim maybe
something broke off and they shim the
fairing to keep it from rattling or
something but once I once I got inside
there it actually hope you can see that
it is a
pack of gum that I guess whoever had the
bike before me fell out of their pocket
or something got wedged down in there
but the you know extra I'm not going to
chew it obviously that's pretty Nancy
but we were doing some work on my
buddy's bike once and we found a bunch
of mints down inside their little red
and white mints so the interesting stuff
okay I will get back to you all right
guys I'm back again I just got the tail
light off as you can see and then there
is the wire the wire actually connected
down through here is like channel down
two little clips here and then unplug
from that right there
so just we're going to get back with you
I'm making a little bit more progress so
I will keep you updated teeth okay
back again how you make him really fast
progress on this I never imagined was
going to go the smooth this easy but I
got the main brake light hook up right
here hooked right into the they came
with already like a connector on the end
that hooks up to your factory wire
harness but um well you know I started
taping the wires two different colors of
tape to know which ones left which ones
right but then I figured out I looked on
here and and my wiring harness I got two
different connectors I got like a gray
one
I got a black one then same thing on my
turn signals
you know the wires that come out the
turn signal have the same connectors
gray and black and they match up so yeah
motor signals are here when I wired up
my front turn signals I cut off the
factory connectors and you see that one
right there I cut that off factory
connectors on there and I wired my wires
up to the factory connectors and made
the process a lot easier you know no
sodding nothing like that no soldering I
mean sorry not siding that's laying
grass but anyway it's almost done I'll
get right back with you see you okay now
yeah I hooked everything everything up
to make sure it works right now I'm just
wrapping the wire there I don't like
these loose wires so I'm just going to
rewrap them keep them all nice and tight
I love well you guys take a look here
now it came with resistors
to slow the rate of the turn signal how
fast it flashes I didn't install those
you guys see a blink in there yeah
there's the left one
I didn't install those because uh it for
one it said it gets real hot hot enough
that can melt the plastics and for two I
really don't know much about them I
don't know where I could put them
so anyways everything works and I will
break light works too but I can't reach
a pardon filming at the same time but um
so I didn't install the resistors I
don't know if and about them I don't
know where to put them and they get hot
so whatever I'm not going to put them on
flash there blinks maybe more it'll
catch people's attention that I'm
turning and maybe less of a chance to a
pull out front me less of a chance I
don't know you know people are stupid
sometimes so um I will get back with you
when I have it all button back up see
you ok I'm back I'm all finished I think
roughly once I figured out last night
how to take those um Quick Connect
fasteners fasteners off uh starting to
finish today hour tops that was it but
it's all put back together you see the
light is on there and that's it man it
went fast I was really surprised they
they made everything easy over there
like clear alternatives they just just
made it where you connect it up and
that's it so everything's working just
fine now I got rid of those nasty bulky
looking turn signals on the back makes
it look a little bit more streamlined
and that's it
thanks for watching I'll see you guys
later
you